doc: improve Bun.Glob api docs (#7859)
oven-sh/bun: docs/api/glob.md

const glob = new Glob("*.ts");

> // Scans the root '.' and each of its sub-directories recursively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Scans the current working directory and each of its sub-directories recursively
```
